# CSS-255-Journal
The DriverPass project was directed towards the creation of an web-based resource that would help people pass their drving exams. The system is intended to allow users to schedule in-person drving instruction as well as provode acess to test-prep and practice exams. The client for the project was acompany called DriverPass who offer in-person drving instruction. The clent wanted a system with arying levels of user acess to different content types related to drving exams.

In working on this project I believe I managed to reaally interpret the the functional and non-functional needs of the system well. I payed close attention to the details mentioned and believe that I cought a majority of the needs that were represented in the DriverPass interview document. I would hoevver do some revisoun of my diagrams. Particularly the scheduling diagram in the early development of the system. In general I felt the diagram I created could have been a bit clearer and used denotations beter like in my UML Actvity and Sequwnce diagram. But I mentioned that I particularly would redo mu schedule diagram because it could more clearly and definitively show the appropriate timeline of the project. 

When looking into the users needs I really just looked at who the main users were, what would they expect to be able to do with this type of system and what would DriverPass want specific users to do. For example, the main user in this system would be the customer or student. This type of user would expect to easily acess the website, schedule appointments, and view their profile.DriverPass expects tha the user will be able  to purchase a package, access study material and be able to view their progress. It wuld then be clearer from this point to access any other needs like data security, a smooth-quick running site, user-friendly interface, etc.
It is important to consider user needs because the system should address and fufill the requirements of its intended users to be considered effective and user-friendly.

My approach to designing software is to gather and review all the information available and to then create list of what is necessary for the system to run as intended. This list then gets expanded and further detailed as I consider the different types of users, the operating systems the system will run on, etc. I think I could be really beneficial to continue the approach of breaking down the information given, clarifying the goals of the system, looking as I did on this project, at the different functionalities, and listing the assumptions and limitations. I think this level of analysis really makes it so you get a full-picture of the design and are able to consider what is achievable. I also like the approach of using diagrams to express different process and uses of the system, having a visual of how things are going to work definitely helps with piecing the system together and/or breaking down larger pieces into smaller,more manageable processes.
